final_project/README.md, before:

### Rotten Linguist search engine for movie reviews

This is a final project for the course _KIK-LG211 Building NLP Applications_ at the University of Helsinki.

Rotten Linguist's search engine searches for film reviews from rottentomatoes.com top 500 movies from 2016-2020 (https://www.rottentomatoes.com/).
The relevance search engine provides options for an exact match and simple wildcard search.
The results are presented in a user interface which is accessed through browser. The program prints snippets with NER (named entity recognition) highlighting and generates plots for most used adjectives, themes, and x?


The program uses Flask, so before running the program, you need to set the following environment variables:

Show flask which file to run:

```
export FLASK_APP=flask_relevance_search.py
```

Enable development environment to activate interactive debugger and reloader:

```
export FLASK_ENV=development
```

Set the port in which to run the application, e.g.:

```
export FLASK_RUN_PORT=8000
```

Go to `localhost:8000/search` in your browser to see the website.

Commit message:

#56 wrote info about data and plots on the README.

final_project/README.md, after:

### Rotten Linguist search engine for movie reviews

This is a final project for the course _KIK-LG211 Building NLP Applications_ at the University of Helsinki.

Rotten Linguist's search engine searches for film reviews from rottentomatoes.com top 500 movies from 2016-2020 (https://www.rottentomatoes.com/).
The relevance search engine provides options for an exact match and simple wildcard search.
The results are presented in a user interface which is accessed through browser. The program prints snippets with NER (named entity recognition) highlighting and generates plots for most used adjectives, verbs, themes, and POS.
The data from RT will only be used for educational purposes as example data for a search engine. All the data will be removed at the end of the KIK-LG211 course.'


The program uses Flask, so before running the program, you need to set the following environment variables:

Show flask which file to run:

```
export FLASK_APP=flask_relevance_search.py
```

Enable development environment to activate interactive debugger and reloader:

```
export FLASK_ENV=development
```

Set the port in which to run the application, e.g.:

```
export FLASK_RUN_PORT=8000
```

Go to `localhost:8000/search` in your browser to see the website.
